Search Engine Optimization is the process of maximizing the number of visitors to a particular website by ensuring that the site appears high on the list of results returned by a search engine. One way SEO works is by looking at your h tag and judges its importance based on the level of the h tag, h1 being the most important and h6 being the least. Because of this its best to have one h1 tag per page, any more than that will result in a lower SEO score. Another way to increase your SEO score is to use back links which are essentially links to and out of your site. Its important to make sure that you link to high quality sites. If they have a low SEO score this will bring down the SEO score of you site. SEO goal is to increase organic traffic seeing how people almost always move past the paid results. Some other tools that also help with marketing are analytics such as Google Analytics. This is a useful tool that provides information such as what users click on on your site and what pages they visit. Analytics helps when making decisions about where things should be placed on your site. 

I will implement SEO on my sites by making sure what I place in the h1 tag is important to the sites mian theme. I would also be sure to only use on h1 tag per page to avoid the SEO score lowering. I would also implement back links or links in and out of my site. I would make sure the links are to sites with good SEO scores. I would also make sure that users can easily share their site on social media platforms like facebook, twitter, and instagram by adding social tags. 